{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf290
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Author:
\b0 \
Dr. Marcel Bresink\
\

\b Beta Testers:
\b0 \
Joey Alexanian, Kevin Besig, J\'f6rg Buekers, Brett Duxbury, Patrick Gilmore, Bruno Melonio, Blake Patterson, Tom Pfister, Mike Santiago, Andreas Weber\
\

\b Special thanks to:\

\b0 The anonymous author of the \'93smc 0.01\'94 tool. Although this application does not use the tool, or any parts of its source code, the smc tool helped us to further complete our analysis of Apple's System Management Controller.
\b \
\

\b0\fs20 Apple, Macintosh, Power Mac, and Power Macintosh are registered trademarks of Apple Computer, Inc. Analog Devices is a registered trademark of Analog Devices, Inc. Dallas Semiconductor is a registered trademark of Dallas Semiconductor Corporation. Hewlett-Packard, PA-RISC and VAX are trademarks of Hewlett-Packard Development Company. Intel, i860, Core Solo, Core Duo, and Xeon are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation. Maxim is a registered trademark of Maxim integrated products. National Semiconductor is a registered trademark of National Semiconductor Corporation. nVidia is a registered trademark of NVIDIA Corporation. Mach is a research project of Carnegie-Mellon University. Motorola and AltiVec are trademarks of Motorola, Inc. IBM and PowerPC are registered trademarks of International Business Machines Corporation. Logitech is a registered trademark of Logitech. Trademarks or service marks are used for identification purposes only.\
\

\fs24 \
This software product contains the \'93Growl\'94 framework for which the following special distribution and usage terms apply:\
\

\b *** Terms applicable to the Growl framework
\b0 \
\

\fs20 Copyright  \'a9 The Growl Project, 2004\
All rights reserved.\
\
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\
{\listtext	2.	}Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\
{\listtext	3.	}Neither the name of Growl nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\

\fs24 \

\b *** End of terms applicable to the Growl framework.\
}